Increase severity of language regarding reporting failures (#55)
suit-wg/suit-report: draft-ietf-suit-report.md

these concerns are relevant, the SUIT\_Report MUST be encrypted, for
example using a COSE\_Encrypt as described in {{container}}, or by using
secure transport. When reporting failures, particularly in the

> cryptographic primitives, reporting can
> provide an attacker with better visibility. Therefore, SUIT\_Reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cryptographic primitives, reporting can
increase an attacker's insight into exploitable weaknesses and vulnerabilities. Therefore, SUIT\_Reports
```
